bra all gt afghan guys are
feminine objects and welcome back with
clan channel with a new video today
I propose to you my world record
world's fastest nuclear route
without having the active design
then guys the gameplay be
performed on team deathmatches in
only the record however is the general too
in group on domain no one ever had
done better
in fact the boys the previous record
had been carried out at the station if
I'm not mistaken by a Spanish player
now I can't remember it was done in 4
minutes and thirty I really did a lot
searches to find one
at least the fastest I found was
that is precisely it is a core
in solo with the never active visa that is
on the mini map I never got the go
It was a really weird game
because in practice i was playing for
do lots of things about the match
I succeeded in this game
in fact I'll finish with 60 kiss the gameplay
you will probably see another one complete
day on my dog skied
using a type
I was also without a jackal and used only
not his face because I was level 20
and to the first prestige and stupidly me
I am brought in on Monday and those ones
I didn't have it I used only the web el
lightning attack that I was pulling and then
maybe the nuclear face would be
could also become faster if not
had thrown the attack precisely
lightning but ok, I decided to do it
the same and then guys recapping
nuclear in team deathmatches in solo
two minutes and 30 without ever having i
disabled in the air
ie in the map now reiterating of
new because in my opinion a concept
quite difficult to understand the record
it's in general and not just about deathmatch
which was then done on deathmatch is
a separate story
so guys, I really wanted to
say with you to express mine with you
joy because since when they are
returned to the clan
I really made absurd gameplay and
see the list a little immediately without
spoiler too I did four
nuclear team deathmatches under the
two minutes in solo obviously do me
know if you want to see why they are
really absurd gameplay especially two
I made them without the quick charger and
then
she really fantastic gameplay then
really let me know if you would like them
see here on the clan channel why me
would really like many meanwhile
look at some scary feeds that
I make and pass nothing from the page
facebook of the fan you find in
description now we are lately
uploading some I don't know photo zodiac a
sometimes loads of his photos then
just line a little more active than
software because it is really estimated as much
mate the damp pass on the page
facebook that he really is always there
very active a lot maybe not though it is
really active last thing i got the
lucky to find a real opponent
quite scarce and in this game
but sometimes it always happens
take advantage of opportunities, however, boys
now the video has actually been
arminio I hope that I feel certain I
comment if you are not yet
sign up for my and the plan channel for
today with lighter jets and everything is beautiful
a nice amount
the plant you do not like ige tft
spain killed when I arrive